Summary for page_004_img_1.jpg
====================
The image depicts two attention mechanisms used in neural networks: Scaled Dot-
Product Attention and Multi-Head Attention. Both mechanisms aim to capture the
relationships between queries, keys, and values in data representation and
processing.  Scaled Dot-Product Attention involves computing the dot product of
the query with all keys and dividing each result by the square root of dk, which
represents the dimension of the key vectors. The softmax function is then
applied to obtain weights on the values. This process is done in parallel for a
set of queries, and the attention function is computed using matrices Q, K, and
V. Dot-product attention is faster and more space-efficient than additive
attention but may lose performance for large dk values.  Multi-Head Attention,
on the other hand, linearly projects the queries, keys, and values h times with
different learned linear projections to dk, dk, and dv dimensions, respectively.
It then performs the attention function in parallel on each projected version of
the queries, keys, and values. Multi-Head Attention is more versatile than
Scaled Dot-Product Attention as it can capture complex relationships among data
elements.  The text explains that while dot-product attention is similar to
additive attention in theoretical complexity, dot-product attention outperforms
additive attention for large dk values due to the scaling factor of 1âˆšdk. This
scaling helps counteract the effect of dot products growing large in magnitude
and pushing the softmax function into regions with extremely small gradients.
The main significance of these attention mechanisms is their ability to capture
complex relationships among data elements, which is essential for processing and
understanding structured data in various applications such as natural language
processing and computer vision.